oh he can
and walk around you got some on the
ground
you can see how with the vaporizing gas
liquids like co2 and Halon and the
powder chemicals all those are very very
effective tools but you got to get up
close and then there's no refashion
reflashed protection once I get this
fire out with this he can go back over
with that one and he won't be able to
start it if he didn't get it started to
just be a corn or something you can
easily knock out so I'm going to stand
back and make my initial attack from the
distance and then when the fire starts
subsiding I'll walk up to it from it's
safe to do so
with the most charge you would hold it
in each one of you guys can play with
this a little bit both holes charts
you'd hold it here and just you can see
there's a goodly amount of distance
discharged it's shooting about 350 GPM
which is a good amount you've got about
a minute and 45 seconds of duration if
you just turn it on and let it run that
would be an inappropriate way to operate
it we normally use it in about five
seconds and as the fire is starting to
have a you know like they say you want
to be up on the upwind side but as the
fire is starting to diminish you would
take a different angle on because I
won't be able to put foam in to the
upwind side of it here I'll have to take
a different angle so
like
this is a great thing about using small
make triple a threesome
so you can screw that in and strike
right here a little bit
okay
Clarence they had put him out but the
embers of the suit were still burning
him and until they doused him with water
still sustaining damage to his skin
so foam is basically water in air and so
it will not only put fire off but it
wets the surrounding pools the
environment cool to see it's an white
suit no more claim no more anything
there's an update triple-a in there that
we are
over it do this number here
yeah at home we'll take flak you later
on it on a fuel spill with this little
unit you can take and stand off here not
good enough to seal off the vapors then
you can reinforce it so at that point
there if there was fuel on the asphalt
it would not be flammable any longer
because the foam is sealing off the
vapors and that will last there and know
eighty ninety three temperatures
probably last fifteen or twenty minutes
giving you time to either move the
aircraft see it's on your flight line or
in case of tacking real fire an accident
now you can extract people and the
flight crews and you can always
reinforce this you know with their with
another